#### 1. Cúal es el nombre del scheduler por defecto en el namespace kube-system?
**Procedimiento**:
``kubectl get pods -n kube-system
**Respuesta**:
kube-scheduler-controlplane

#### 2. What is the image used to deploy the kubernetes scheduler?
**Procedimiento**:
``kubectl describe pod kube-scheduler-controlplane -n kube-system | grep "image"
**Respuesta**:
registry.k8s.io/kube-scheduler:v1.27.0

#### 3. We have already created the `ServiceAccount` and `ClusterRoleBinding` that our custom scheduler will make use of.   
Checkout the following Kubernetes objects:  
 
`ServiceAccount`: my-scheduler (kube-system namespace)  
`ClusterRoleBinding`: my-scheduler-as-kube-scheduler  
`ClusterRoleBinding`: my-scheduler-as-volume-scheduler  
  
Run the command: `kubectl get serviceaccount -n kube-system` and `kubectl get clusterrolebinding`

#### 4. Let's create a configmap that the new scheduler will employ using the concept of `ConfigMap as a volume`.   We have already given a configMap definition file called `my-scheduler-configmap.yaml` at `/root/` path that will create a configmap with name `my-scheduler-config` using the content of file `/root/my-scheduler-config.yaml`.

**Procedimiento**:
``kubectl create -f /root/my-scheduler-configmap.yaml


#### 5. Deploy an additional scheduler to the cluster following the given specification. Use the manifest file provided at `/root/my-scheduler.yaml`. Use the same image as used by the default kubernetes scheduler.

Debemos añadir la imagen ``registry.k8s.io/kube-scheduler:v1.27.0`` al manifiesto /root/my-scheduler.yaml. Después hacemos un kubectl create -f.

#### 6. A POD definition file is given. Use it to create a POD with the new custom scheduler.
**Procedimiento**:
Debemos añadir el campo schedulerName al pod para asignarlo al nuevo scheduler.
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: nginx
spec:
  schedulerName: my-scheduler
  containers:
  - image: nginx
    name: nginx
```

Después debemos hacer un ``kubectl create -f ...``

